Remove shift-stepping from range in RangeControl (#35020)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/components/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Bug Fix

> -   Fixed rounding of value in `RangeControl` component when it looses focus while the `SHIFT` key is held. ([#34363](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/issues/34363)).

Reviewer: Let's reference the PR instead of the issue

```suggestion
-   Fixed rounding of value in `RangeControl` component when it loses focus while the `SHIFT` key is held. ([#35020](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/35020)).
```
